where's the coffers grass card 21:18
cloning 113 113 ok well that's really
nice fish there pull pretty hard
yeah whops around a lot biggest carp
ever caught
that's your biggest fishy ever cuz yeah
maybe you beat that today later on yeah
look at the camera and smile that's a
good picture
Peevy grasscarp 22 pounds 11 ounces
pretty happy to get that
watch out for my line
ha so I'm trying to cook some more to
keep them out of snack that I got
snagged on the other day
here
yeah the best column we've got out the
wall that was the white 16 for about a
five-minute battle took about took it
out that about the middle of the river
Bobby member and this fish in that fight
for a long time definitely epic
the big thing Calvin
you
okay Adam with a PV grasscarp
play the last fish we're gonna catch
those a good ending for the day all the
way to your fish channel 25 25 28 pound
20 pounds 5 ounces
nice catch
that's not the best grass carp cat I've
ever seen I thought I've seen that many
that I was the best okay least you got
one today
you